{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10100\viewh8940\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9240 \cf0 import pandas as pd \
df-pd.read_csv(r"C: \\Users \\admin\\Desktop\\TORQUEDATA. csv")\
dfadf.drop (columns=" _NUMERICID*)\
dfedf.drop(columns=\'93_QUALITY")\
df=df.drop(columns="id")\
def identifystartstopalto(df) :\
temp=pd.DataFrame ()\
i=0\
x=0\
for i in range (len(df)):\
if (df.loc [i]("_NAME"]==("YE3 LSB.561A ROBOT. Programme No")):\
if (df.loc [i]["_VALUE"]==21):\
XE1\
1f(df.loc[i]["_VALUE"]==6):\
X=0\
if (x==1):\
temp=temp.append(df.iloc[i])\
i=i+1\
return temp\
dfjlaltompd.DataFrame()\
dfjlalto=dfnewalto[dfnewalto['_NAME']-str.contains("31|ProgrammeNo")]\
dfj2alto=pd.DataFrame()\
dfj2alto=dfnewalto[dfnewalto['_NAME'].str.contains("32|ProgrammeNo")]\
dfj3alto=pd.DataFrame ( )\
dfj3alto=dfnewalto[dfnewalto('_NAME^].str.contains("J3|ProgrammeNo")]\
dfj4alto=pd.DataFrame ()\
dfj4alto=dfnewalto[dfnewalto['_NAME'].str.contains("34|ProgrammeNo")]\
dfjSalto=pd.DataFrame()\
dfjsalto=dfnewalto[dfnewalto[*_NAME].str.contains("35|ProgrammeNo")]\
dfi6alto=pd.DataFrame()\
dfj6alto=dfnewalto[dfnewalto['_NAME'].str.contains("J6|ProgrammeNo")]\
dfj1altopositive=pd.DataFrame() \
dfj2altopositive=pd.DataFrame()\
dfj3altopositive=pd.DataFrame ()\
 dfj4altopositive=pd.DataFrame() \
dfj5altopositive=pd.DataFrame()\
dfj6altopositive=pd.DataFrame ()\
dfjlaltonegative=pd.DataFrame()\
dfj2altonegative=pd.DataFrame () \
dfj3altonegative=pd.DataFrame() \
dfj4altonegative=pd.DataFrame() \
dfj5altonegative=pd.DataFrame() \
dfj6altonegative=pd.DataFrame()\
dfjlaltonegative=dfjialto.loc[(dfjlalto['_VALUE']<=8)|(dfjialto['_VALUE']=-21)]\
dfj2altonegative=dfjlalto.loc[(dfjialto['_VALUE']<=0)|(dfjialto['_VALUE']==21)1\
dfj3altonegative=dfjlalto.loc[(dfjlalto['_VALUE']<=0)|(dfjlalto['_VALUE']==21)]\
dfjaltonegative=dfjlalto.loc[(dfjlalto['_VALUE']<=0)|(dfjlalto['_VALUE^]==21)]\
dfjSaltonegative=dfjlalto.loc[(dfjialto['_VALUE']<=0)|(dfjialto['_VALUE']==21)]\
dfj6altonegative=dfjlalto.loc[(dfjlalto['_VALUE']<=0)|(dfjlalto['_VALUE']==21)]\
dfjlaltonegative.reset_index(drop=True,inplace=True)\
dfj2altonegative.reset_index(drop=True,inplace=True)\
dfj3altonegative.reset_index(drop=True,inplace=True)\
dfj4altonegative.reset_index(drop=True,inplace=True)\
dfjSaltonegative.reset_index(drop=True,inplace=True)\
dfj6altonegative.reset_index (drop=True, inplace=True)\
dfAJ1alto=pd.DataFrame(columns=['AREA']) \
dfAJ2alto=pd.DataFrame (columns= ['AREA']) \
dfAJ3alto=pd.DataFrame (columns= ('AREA']) \
dfAJ4alto=pd.DataFrame (columns= ['AREA']) \
dfAJ5alto=pd. DataFrame (columns= ['AREA'1) \
dfAJ6alto=pd.DataFrame (columns=['AREA'])\
z= ' NAME': 'YE3 LSB.561A ROBOT. Programme No', ' _VALUE': 0] dfjialtopositive=dfjialtopositive.append(z,ignore_index=True)\
\
import numpy as np \
from scipy. integrate import simps \
from numpy import trapz\
*2=( _NAME*: "YE3 LSB. 5614 ROBOT. Programme No', '_VALUE':B)\
#('_ VALUE^:e\} #dfjialtopositive=dfjlaltopositive.append(2, ignore_ index=True) #afilaltopositive=dfjialtopositive.append(w,ignore_index=True)\
X=0\
C=0 temp=pd.Dataframe ()\
for i in range (0, len(dfj3altopositive)-1):\
if(dfjialtopositive.loc[i]["_NAME"]=="YE3 LSB.561A ROBOT. Programme No" ):\
if ( dfjlaltopositive.loc(a][" VALUE"1==21):\
x=0 cel\
while(cl=8):\
temp=temp. append(dfjlaltopositive.iloc[i])\
\'87y=np.array ([temp[ L_VALUE "JJ)\
#x=x+trapz(y,dx=0.1)\
#dfajlalto=/'AREA':x1\
*afA lalto=dfAJialto.append(dfajialto , ignore_index=True) if (dfjialtopositive.loc[i]["_NAME"]=="VE3 LSB.561A ROBOT. Programme No" ):\
If ( dfjlaltopositive.loc[i]("_VALUE"]==0):\
y=np. array([temp[' _VALUE^11)\
\'d7=x+trapz(y,dx=0.1) dfajialto=\{ AREA':\'d7)\
dfAJialto=dfAJ1alto.append(dfajialto, ignore_index=True) temp-temp.iloc[e:01\
\uc0\u1089  0\
Import xlsxwriter\
with pd.ExcelWriter('Prasenjitout.xisx*)as writer:\
file_name= 'PrasenjitOut.xisx' \
dfAJlalto.to_excel (writer,sheet_name=']1*) \
dfAJ2alto.to_excel(writer, sheet_names '32') \
dfAJ3alto. to_excel(writer, sheet_names '33') \
dfAJ4alto.to_excel(writer,sheet_name='J4*) \
dfAJSalto.to_excel(writer, sheet_name='35') \
dfAJbalto.to_excel(writer, sheet_names '36*)\
\
\
}